
Last updated \[July 7th, 2022\]

# AGREEMENT TO TERMS

These Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement made between
you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity ("you") and
**SharePointOnlineQuickAssist** ("we," "us" or "our"), concerning your
access to and use of the
https://github.com/abrcheng/SharePointOnlineQuickAssist website as
well as any other media form, media channel, application related,
linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the "Site").

The term "visitor" means any person who merely browses our Site for
general information purposes; the term "you" and "your" means the user
of our Site and/or our SPOQA services, either a visitor.

You agree that by accessing the Site, you have read, understood, and
agree to be bound by all of these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with
all of these Terms of Use, then you are expressly prohibited from using
the Site and you must discontinue use immediately.

**SPOQA** Terms of Use or documents that may be posted on
the Site from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by
reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes
or modifications to these Terms of Use at any time and for any reason.

We will alert you about any changes by updating the "Last updated" date
of these Terms of Use, and you waive any right to receive specific
notice of each such change.

It is your responsibility to periodically review these Terms of Use to
stay informed of updates. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to
have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised
Terms of Use by your continued use of the App after the date such
revised Terms of Use are posted.

The information provided on the App is not intended for distribution to
or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such
distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which
would subject us to any registration requirement within such
jurisdiction or country.

Accordingly, those persons who choose to use this App from other
locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for
compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are
applicable. 

# USER REPRESENTATIONS

By using the App, you represent and warrant that:

\(1\) you have the legal capacity, and you agree to comply with these
Terms of Use.

\(2\) you are not under the age of 13.

\(5\) not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside or if a minor,
you have received parental permission to use this Site.

\(6\) you will not access the Site through automated or non-human means,
whether through a bot, script, or otherwise.

\(7\) you will not use the Site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.

\(8\) your use of the Site will not violate any applicable law or
regulation.

If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current,
or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account
and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion
thereof).

# USER REGISTRATION

You will not be required to register with the Site. This Site will not
collect any Personal Data.

 

# PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES

You may not access or use the Site for any purpose other than that for
which we make the Site available. The Site may not be used in connection
with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically
endorsed or approved by us.

As a user of the Site, you agree not to:

1.  systematically retrieve data or other content from the Site to
     create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection,
     compilation, database, or directory without written permission
     from us.

2.  make any unauthorized use of the Site, including collecting
     usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other
     means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email.

3.  use a buying agent or purchasing agent to make purchases on the
     Site.

4.  use the Site to advertise or offer to sell goods and services.

5.  circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related
     features of the Site, including features that prevent or restrict
     the use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on the
     use of the Site and/or the Content contained therein.

6.  engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to the Site.

7.  trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in any
     attempt to learn sensitive account information such as user
     passwords;

8.  make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of
     abuse or misconduct.

9.  engage in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to
     send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots, or
     similar data gathering and extraction tools.

10. interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Site or
     the networks or services connected to the Site.

11. sell or otherwise transfer your profile.

12. use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass,
     abuse, or harm another person.

13. use the Site as part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise
     use the Site and/or the Content for any revenue-generating
     endeavor or commercial enterprise.

14. decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the
     software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Site.

15. attempt to bypass any measures of the Site designed to prevent or
     restrict access to the Site, or any portion of the Site.

16. harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or
     agents engaged in providing any portion of the Site to you.

17. delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any
     Content.

18. copy or adapt the Site's software, including but not limited to
     Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, or other code.

19. upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) viruses,
     Trojan horses, or other material, including excessive use of
     capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive
     text), that interferes with any party's uninterrupted use and
     enjoyment of the Site or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or
     interferes with the use, features, functions, operation, or
     maintenance of the Site.

20. upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any
     material that acts as a passive or active information collection
     or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear
     graphics interchange formats ("gifs"), 1×1 pixels, web bugs,
     cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as
     "spyware" or "passive collection mechanisms" or "pcms").

21. except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet
     browser usage, use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated
     system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat
     utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses the Site, or
     using or launching any unauthorized script or other software.

22. disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the
     Site.

23. use the Site in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or
     regulations.

**USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS**

The Site may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs,
message boards, online forums, and other functionality, and may provide
you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit,
perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us
or on the Site, including but not limited to text, writings, video,
audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal
information or other material (collectively, \"Contributions\").

Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Site and through
third-party websites. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be
treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When you create or make
available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:

1.  the creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or
     performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your
     Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights,
     including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark,
     trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.

2.  you are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses,
     rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to
     authorize us, the Site, and other users of the Site to use your
     Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these
     Terms of Use.

3.  you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and
     every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use
     the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable
     individual person to enable inclusion and use of your
     Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these
     Terms of Use.

4.  your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.

5.  your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising,
     promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass
     mailings, or other forms of solicitation.

6.  your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy,
     violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise
     objectionable (as determined by us).

7.  your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or
     abuse anyone.

8.  your Contributions do not advocate the violent overthrow of any
     government or incite, encourage, or threaten physical harm against
     another.

9.  your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or
     rule.

10. your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of
     any third party.

11. your Contributions do not contain any material that solicits
     personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or exploits
     people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner.

12. your Contributions do not violate any federal or state law
     concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the
     health or well-being of minors;

13. your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are
     connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or
     physical handicap.

14. your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material
     that violates, any provision of these Terms of Use, or any
     applicable law or regulation.

Any use of the Site in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms
of Use and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension
of your rights to use the Site.

# CONTRIBUTION LICENSE

By posting your Contributions to any part of the Site \[or making
Contributions accessible to the Site by linking your account from the
Site to any of your social networking accounts\], you automatically
grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant,
to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive,
transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to
host, use, copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broadcast,
retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly perform, publicly display,
reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and
distribute such Contributions (including, without limitation, your image
and voice) for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, and
to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such
Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The
use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any
media channels.

This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or
hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name,
and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service
marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you
provide. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions, and you
warrant that moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in your
Contributions.

We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full
ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property
rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions.
We are not liable for any statements or representations in your
Contributions provided by you in any area on the Site.

You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Site and you
expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to
refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.

We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, (1) to edit,
redact, or otherwise change any Contributions; (2) to re-categorize any
Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations on the Site;
and (3) to pre-screen or delete any Contributions at any time and for
any reason, without notice. We have no obligation to monitor your
Contributions.

 

# GUIDELINES FOR REVIEWS

We may provide you areas on the Site to leave reviews or ratings. When
posting a review, you must comply with the following criteria:

\(1\) you should have firsthand experience with the person/entity being
reviewed.

\(2\) your reviews should not contain offensive profanity, or abusive,
racist, offensive, or hate language.

\(3\) your reviews should not contain discriminatory references based on
religion, race, gender, national origin, age, marital status, sexual
orientation, or disability.

\(4\) your reviews should not contain references to illegal activity.

\(5\) you should not be affiliated with competitors if posting negative
reviews;

\(6\) you should not make any conclusions as to the legality of conduct.

\(7\) you may not post any false or misleading statements.

\(8\) you may not organize a campaign encouraging others to post
reviews, whether positive or negative.

We may accept, reject, or remove reviews in our sole discretion. We have
absolutely no obligation to screen reviews or to delete reviews, even if
anyone considers reviews objectionable or inaccurate. Reviews are not
endorsed by us, and do not necessarily represent our opinions or the
views of any of our affiliates or partners.

We do not assume liability for any review or for any claims,
liabilities, or losses resulting from any review. By posting a review,
you hereby grant to us a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide,
royalty-free, fully paid, assignable, and sublicensable right and
license to reproduce, modify, translate, transmit by any means, display,
perform, and/or distribute all content relating to reviews.


# SUBMISSIONS

You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions,
ideas, feedback, or other information regarding the Site
(\"Submissions\") provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall
become our sole property. We shall own exclusive rights, including all
intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted
use and dissemination of these Submissions for any lawful purpose,
commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.

You hereby waive all moral rights to any such Submissions, and you
hereby warrant that any such Submissions are original with you or that
you have the right to submit such Submissions. You agree there shall be
no recourse against us for any alleged or actual infringement or
misappropriation of any proprietary right in your Submissions.


# THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT

The Site may contain (or you may be sent via the Site) links to other
websites (\"Third-Party Websites\") as well as articles, photographs,
text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information,
applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or
originating from third parties (\"Third-Party Content\").

Such Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Content are not investigated,
monitored, or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by
us, and we are not responsible for any Third-Party Websites accessed
through the Site or any Third-Party Content posted on, available
through, or installed from the Site, including the content, accuracy,
offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy practices, or other
policies of or contained in the Third-Party Websites or the Third-Party
Content.

Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any
Third-Party Websites or any Third-Party Content does not imply approval
or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to leave the Site and access
the Third-Party Websites or to use or install any Third-Party Content,
you do so at your own risk, and you should be aware these Terms of Use
no longer govern.

You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy
and data gathering practices, of any website to which you navigate from
the Site or relating to any applications you use or install from the
Site. Any purchases you make through Third-Party Websites will be
through other websites and from other companies, and we take no
responsibility whatsoever in relation to such purchases which are
exclusively between you and the applicable third party.

You agree and acknowledge that we do not endorse the products or
services offered on Third-Party Websites and you shall hold us harmless
from any harm caused by your purchase of such products or services.
Additionally, you shall hold us harmless from any losses sustained by
you or harm caused to you relating to or resulting in any way from any
Third-Party Content or any contact with Third-Party Websites.

# SITE MANAGEMENT

We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to: 

\(1\) monitor the Site for violations of these Terms of Use;

\(2\) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole
discretion, violates the law or these Terms of Use, including without
limitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities;

\(3\) in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict
access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent
technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion
thereof;

\(4\) in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or
liability, to remove from the Site or otherwise disable all files and
content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our
systems;

\(5\) otherwise manage the Site in a manner designed to protect our
rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of the
Site.

# PRIVACY POLICY

We care about data privacy and security. Please review our Privacy
Policy
\https://github.com/abrcheng/SharePointOnlineQuickAssist/blob/main/Documents/Privacy/ReadMe.md\].
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is
incorporated into these Terms of Use.

# COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTS

We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe
that any material available on or through the Site infringes upon any
copyright you own or control, please immediately notify us using the
contact information provided below (a "Notification"). A copy of your
Notification will be sent to the person who posted or stored the
material addressed in the Notification.

# MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS 

We reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the
Site at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without
notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our
Site. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or part of
the Site without notice at any time.

We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification,
price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site.

We cannot guarantee the Site will be available at all times. We may
experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform
maintenance related to the Site, resulting in interruptions, delays, or
errors.

We reserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or
otherwise modify the Site at any time or for any reason without notice
to you. You agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss,
damage, or inconvenience caused by your inability to access or use the
Site during any downtime or discontinuance of the Site.

Nothing in these Terms of Use will be construed to obligate us to
maintain and support the Site or to supply any corrections, updates, or
releases in connection therewith.

# DISCLAIMER

THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT
YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND OUR SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR
REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE'S CONTENT
OR THE CONTENT OF ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SITE AND WE WILL ASSUME NO
LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR
INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS, (2) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY
DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE
OF THE SITE, (3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS
AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
STORED THEREIN, (4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR
FROM THE SITE, (5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH
MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (6)
ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR
DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT
POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE. WE DO NOT
WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR
SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE, ANY
HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION FEATURED IN
ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY
WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY
THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.

AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN
ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION
WHERE APPROPRIATE.

 

# LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO
YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL,
EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST
PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR
USE OF THE SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

# USER DATA

We will not collect any Personal Data, you agree that we shall have no
liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you
hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss
or corruption of such data.

# 

# MISCELLANEOUS

These Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on
the Site constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you
and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of
these Terms of use shall not operate as a waiver of such right or
provision.

These Terms of Use operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. We
may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any
time. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, delay,
or failure to act caused by any cause beyond our reasonable control.

If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is
determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or
part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and
does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
provisions.

There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency
relationship created between you and us as a result of these Terms of
Use or use of the Site. You agree that these Terms of Use will not be
construed against us by virtue of having drafted them.

You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the
electronic form of these Terms of Use and the lack of signing by the
parties hereto to execute these Terms of Use.


# CONTACT US 

In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Site or to receive further
information regarding the use of the Site, please contact us at:

SharePointOnline QuickAssist\
https://github.com/abrcheng/SharePointOnlineQuickAssist

SPOQA@service.microsoft.com

